addresses some typos and rephrasing (#49)
theQRL/theqrl.org: _roadmap/10-internalaudit.md

complete: true
---

> Our internal code review also compliments the more general internal security review we conducted.

Reviewer: ❌
```suggestion
With core features for release complete, an internal code review, complemented by a more general internal security review, was undertaken prior to external audit.
```
